docs(rum-react): lazy rendered routes instrumentation [skip ci] (#491)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: docs/react-integration.asciidoc

NOTE: `withTransaction` accepts two parameters, "transaction name" and "transaction type". 
If these parameters are not provided, the defaults documented in <<transaction-api, Transaction API>> will be used.

[float]
===== Instrumenting lazy loaded routes

> When the route is rendered lazily with components using `React.lazy` or similar API, It is currently not possible to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the route is rendered lazily with components using `React.lazy` or a similar API, it is currently not possible to
```

> auto instrument the components dependencies via `ApmRoute`. To instrument those lazy rendered routes and capture the spans 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auto instrument the components dependencies via `ApmRoute`. To instrument these lazy rendered routes and capture the spans 
```

> associated with the components, The user would need to manually instrument the code via `withTransaction` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
associated with the components, you'll need to manually instrument the code with the `withTransaction` API.
```
